[Music]
DIY phone cases faster charging saving
broken cables you've heard all the most
common tips out there but hidden gold
rollup smartphones of the future and why
do they all look the same today
let's crack this riddle the world saw
the very first smartphone in 1992 when
IBM announced the Simon Personal
Communicator even back then this thing
was selling for over a thousand bucks it
was shaped like a brick heavy as a
hammer but it was smart it had a
touchscreen and could send and receive
emails and faxes it also had a calendar
address book and organizer then came the
era of smartphones in all kinds of weird
shapes and sizes the Motorola V 70 blew
everyone's mind in 2002 with its 360
degree rotating keyboard it looked like
a fidgets bitter long before those were
ever a thing in 2003 we got the Nokia
7600 this phone was shaped like a
teardrop and the keyboard was placed
awkwardly around the screen in the
middle the 2004 hairpiece 710 phone was
a phone shaped like a pen that
ironically didn't work as one did have a
camera for that tiny thumb sized screen
though and a built-in laser pointer the
wacky phone shapes of the early 2000s
came to an end when Apple released the
first iPhone in 2007 and started a new
fashion practicality over bizarre
gimmicky shapes the phone's thin
rectangular body fit comfortably in the
hand and the screen was big enough to
not only see everything clearly but also
allow for touch control since then
smartphones have looked pretty much the
same why well because it works but just
imagine you've been developing a new
revolutionary phone for years you've
spent millions to invest in all the
latest features and even created new
ones shortly before the release you come
to the presentation of your biggest
competitors no phone this one is so
some that you're seems like complete
garbage so you decide to start creating
a new phone from scratch this happened
to Android in 2007 when they saw Steve
Jobs present the first iPhone and look
at us now
modern smartphones have even more
computing power than all of NASA's
computers in 1969 even more than the
Orion spaceship launched in 2014 get
this way back in 1926 Nikola Tesla said
the whole world will be turned into a
huge brain thanks to wireless technology
everyone will communicate and see each
other from thousands of miles away with
little devices that fit into a pocket
long before computers cell phones or
even TVs were around now we can't live
without our pocket-sized devices some
people even have a phobia of being left
without a phone or internet connection
nomophobia don't catch a case of it in
one German city traffic lights are
installed on the ground so thats mombi's
that's people walking with their eyes
glued to their phone screens instead of
seeing anything around them could notice
the red signal and stop
[Music]
we're so in love with our smartphones
that clothing manufacturers are forced
to change the size of pockets to fit
devices getting bigger and bigger
fun fact Google didn't start Android
they bought it for 50 million bucks in
2005 by today's rate that would be 67
million dollars more than enough to buy
three of these brand new Bugattis the
most expensive car today
with the chump change of 10 million
dollars left over you could also get two
of these bad boys whose name I wouldn't
even try to pronounce the most expensive
smartphone in the world is the Falcon
supernova iPhone 6 pink diamond worth
over 48 million bucks
it's a typical iPhone 6 but its case is
covered in 24 karat gold and platinum
like a cherry on top it has a massive
pink diamond on the back man don't leave
that in the bathroom your own smartphone
has a tiny bit of gold in it too
there's one gram of gold in forty-one
smartphones the same amount processed
from a ton of ore if you try to get the
7.5 tons of gold extracted from ore
every single day using all the smart
phones in the world you'd run out of
phones in 23 days get ready for 5g
mobile internet you'll be able to
download a to our high-quality movie on
your phone or tablet within seconds such
fast internet will be a must for near
future technologies more advanced
augmented and virtual reality AI and of
course game graphics smartphones will
also undergo many changes flexible ones
with curved and folding screens have
already been released in the near future
it'll be so flexible that you can roll
it up and put it in your pocket or word
around your wrist like a bracelet
batteries won't require charging from
electricity
they'll be fueled by solar and kinetic
energy when the phone is charged from
movement
oh by the way a power bank charged by
solar energy is a common thing now
scientists have created 5d discs these
are small thin transparent discs that
can withstand extreme temperatures store
data for millions of years and hold 360
terabytes of memory in the future it'll
become as common as ordinary flash
drives and will be built into
smartphones soon you won't need to buy a
new phone if you want a cooler camera
you'll just replace the old camera with
a new one Google plans to launch modular
phones that can be assembled from
different removable and replaceable
parts including the screen after that
humanity will probably move away from
smartphones entirely all the smart phone
functions will be built into ultra thin
lenses that users can control with their
thoughts virtuality will completely
blend with reality and artificial
intelligence will be able to replace a
real person in communication and be your
best friend that's all in the
not-too-distant future for now you can
spend your time finding fun Easter eggs
on your fault
open the Safari browser choose any site
and click the share button among the
open functions will be read mode the
symbol of this feature is Steve Jobs
iconic round glasses in the virtual
keyboard the book emoji contains an
encrypted quote from Apple's famous
think different ad campaign you've
probably heard this slogan but to see
the quote you'll need to extract the
original file with the emoji and zoom in
on it you won't be able to see it on the
phone screen because the text is teeny
tiny the Apple peddled on the company's
logo isn't just on the back of your
phone the icon of the games section in
the app store is a redrawn pedal from
the logo the maps icon changed several
times and each time it showed a real
address previously it referred us to the
old Apple campus and now it shows the
completed new Apple part the Soundwave
icon in the voice recorder isn't random
turn it on and say Apple the phone
we'll record a track with a very similar
sound wave in Android developers hide
minigames that visually match the name
of the operating system update to find
the game go to settings about phone
click several times on the Android
version and the image with the logo will
appear click on the image again to
launch a mini game have fun
[Music]